---
title: "June 2025 Newsletter - Building Momentum"
date: 2025-06-01
version: "1.0"
lastUpdated: 2025-06-01
author: "JWA Team"
description: "June newsletter covering organizing progress, community growth, and upcoming events"
excerpt: "June has been a month of significant growth and momentum for the JPMC Workers Alliance as we continue building our community and organizing efforts."
tags: ["newsletter", "june", "organizing", "community", "growth"]
featured: false
---

# Happy Pride Month!

This month, the JPMC Workers Alliance has one message: YOU are welcome [in our community](https://discord.gg/BZA3pxppq9).

We all worry about the current political climate, but we will not let that stop us from joining together.

Indeed, when times are rough, mutual aid and support become most necessary, and that's what being a union is all about.


**A few updates on our progress:**

* Our newsletter subscriber count has grown by 17%!
* [Our Discord community](https://discord.gg/BZA3pxppq9) has grown by 15%!
* We've added a small application to join our Discord, increasing the safety of our community by preventing raids and weeding out potential bad actors.
* We've started [a carpool organization effort](/carpool) to reduce the negative effects of RTO!
* Kier Cuadras, who unionized her team of 42 people at Wells Fargo, joined our meeting to [share lessons learned](/edu/kier-wfwu).
* We continue to make brilliant new posters to hang around the office. See examples below, and [view the full gallery here](/img/posters)!

*graphics elided*

**What's happening with BRGs?**

In May, JPMorgan Chase chose to dilute the effective power of Affinity Groups and Communities of Practice by disbanding them and robbing employees of a vital sense of community and a voice.

We know that two such groups, the Gender Expansive Counsel and the Non-Visible Condition Council, have been folded into their respective BRGs, Pride and Access Ability.

There are also changes to BRGs and the events they are allowed to hold.

BRG chapters with less than 150 members will be dissolved at the local level and reorganized into regional digital chapters.

All events and activities for those chapters are now exclusively over Zoom.

Further, events and activities for all BRGs will be regulated to 1 of each, per location, per chapter, per quarter.

These changes were billed as streamlining the overall structure of the BRGs and ‘not a big deal’!

But this reflects a pattern that we have all been seeing since January: the erasure of all mention that you belong at Chase if you are a minority of any kind.

The firm seems to be following the lead of a government that is trying to legislate away people’s culture, race, disability, sexual orientation, or gender expression.

We are all people, and we have needs. Community is one of those needs.

On [our Discord server](https://discord.gg/BZA3pxppq9), we are rebuilding the communities that Chase closed.

If you were affected by these changes or know someone who was hurt by them, please send us your stories. We’d love to have them. You can do this by emailing jpmcworkers@gmail.com or replying to this newsletter.

**We’re stronger together, and together we shall rise.**

-- Matt


**Weingarten Rights**

Are you aware of what Weingarten Rights are?

As a member of a legally recognized union, you have the right to the presence of a union steward in any meeting where you might expect to be disciplined in some way.

While there is a push to include all employees under these rights, at the time of this writing, they only apply to union members.

This is one reason WE NEED TO UNIONIZE!

If these rights are violated, repercussions can include:

    An Unfair Labor Practice charge
    The employer served with a cease and desist
    Attempted disciplinary measures revoked
    Fines and penalties
    Reputational damage
    Monetary relief to the employee

Find out more about [Weingarten rights here](https://www.nlrb.gov/about-nlrb/rights-we-protect/your-rights/weingarten-rights).

-- Jason


**Scared of unionizing?**

My family relies on my income to keep the mortgage paid.

To me, the hope for the benefits of unionizing outweighs the risks of being involved.

So of course unionizing can be scary; that's why I take reasonable precautions.

Everyone has different comfort levels. For instance, I print posters, and my colleagues put them up.

The first thing is to know your rights. Speaking about unionizing IS protected. Being fired for it is ILLEGAL.

That said, I implore everyone to follow this precaution: Keep all union discussion OFF Teams!

The Code of Conduct does say we shouldn't use Teams or other work-owned communication methods for excessive personal conversations.

Instead, invite your coworkers to lunch or coffee or to go play a pickup round of your sport of choice.

I know it's awkward to ask for phone numbers, but remember that there are many reasons to do so, whether sharing cute photos or finding people for lunch!

Discussing grievances is just another good excuse for becoming friends with your coworkers.
-- Reggie


**Officer elections**

Now is a great time to [join our Discord community!](https://discord.gg/BZA3pxppq9)

Why?

We've grown large enough to elect officers!

Specifically, we need the following officer roles:

    Welcoming Committee Leader
    Newsletter Editor
    Secretary
    Training Instructor
    Public Relations
    Treasurer

Do any of those roles feel aligned to your skill set?

Would you like to have a say in who is elected?

[Hop on Discord and get involved!](https://discord.gg/BZA3pxppq9)

Don't worry if you aren't used to Discord; we have folks who will help answer your questions.

Other benefits of joining the server include:

    Getting to attend our weekly union meetings
    Staying up-to-date on events as they unfold
    Prompt feedback on your rights should something happen at work
    Hearing stories from a wide variety of coworkers
    Tips on organizing your department
    Connection and support in your efforts

[We hope to meet you soon!](https://discord.gg/BZA3pxppq9)


**Corporate Poetry**

*Back to the Office (And Straight to Hell)*

I’m sick and tired, let me just say— Of sitting in traffic at the buttcrack each day. If I’m not early, I’m out of luck, It’s the overflow lot… and the shuttle that sucks.

They said “collaborate! Culture will thrive!” But half of our jobs didn’t make it alive. They shipped them offshore—“it’s cost optimized!” Now we Zoom with Mumbai while morale flatlines.

I get home from work and collapse in my dress, No laundry, no dinner, just burnout and stress. I’m tired, I’m bitter, unraveling fast— And no one can say I’ve not busted my ass.

They said we’d “connect,” that the vibe would be great, Now I’m flanked by loud talkers I deeply hate. There’s fish sticks and keyboard clicks filling the air— And EAP asked me, “Have you tried self-care?”

I slip on my headphones and pray for some peace, Though the pressure they bring makes the aching increase. I try to stay focused, but it’s all in vain, Because Karen keeps pinging me. Again. And again.

I want my own space, not your loud open floor, No puzzles, no pizza, no team-building lore. This office is draining, fluorescent and bleak— I just want my kitties and one quiet week.

So no, I’m not friendly—I’m tired and mad, Every day’s a battle for space I once had. We delivered from home, made record gains— Now we waste time playing your dumb office games.

I paint my face, pull on clothes from the floor, Commute and hustle for a shared mouse and keyboard. The café is packed, the prices obscene. Coffee is free but tastes like defeat. We smile through burnout and corporate lies— And no one—not one of us—wants this RTO life.

-- by u/Mean-Literature-8419 with permission ([Reddit OP](https://www.reddit.com/r/JPMorganChase/comments/1kt9k75))


**Any questions? Ask!**

If you have any questions related to unionizing, work grievances, or your rights, or if you just want to share your story, please send us an email at jpmcworkers@gmail.com or by replying to this newsletter.

**Remember:** “The Union” is nothing more than people who **work together, agreeing to stand together** for respect and a decent life.

***The union is us:*** you and me and he and she and they, right here in the workplace. There is no third party.

There is only something larger than ourselves, composed of the workers by the workers and for the workers.

**Change is coming. Be a part of it.**


Excitedly Yours,

The JPMC Workers Alliance


P.S. If you missed the previous edition, it is [now available on our website!](/news/2025-05)