goodbye-Coworker.md, before:

To our lovely friends who signed the petition:

Wow, it's been almost two months since the launch of our public petition on Coworker.org. 
n the interim, many JPMC corporate sites have already imposed the 5-day in-office mandate.More will be starting in a few more weeks or months. Other large corporations have also jumped on the RTO bandwagon.
Our clear refutation of their alleged reasons only goes to show it was all disingeuous theater; It's no surprise that Jamie Dimon blatantly disregards the nearly 2000 signatures on this petition. 

However, our efforts have not been in vain.

The process to publish and promote this petition practiced us in the arts of networking, organizing, and collective action. Now we pivot to expand our nascent union and grow its influence as we step boldly
forth into the modern Labor Movement -- a global response to ever more concentrated weath amid a stagnant, repressive job market. Employees of Wells Fargo, Starbucks, and Amazon have achieved union recognition.
So can we!

Unionizing is neither fast nor easy, but it is absolutely worthwhile. We will all surely RTO, whether with JPMC or any of the other near-peers that have adopted similar mandates.
But joining together in solidarity grows our leverage to prevent similar attacks on our quality-of-life in the future, and to make our workplace better for all employees.
In the interim, it offers much-needed hope, community, comradery, and shared resources. We are currently adding members, tapping into new portions of the JPMC workforce,
mapping [bargaining units](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bargaining_unit), and growing strong bonds of trust among like-minded workers.
Would you like to know more?

Our [mailing list](https://actionnetwork.org/forms/jpmcworkers-signup) will keep you periodically appraised of progress we make, collective actions you can help with, useful knowledge, and relevant events in the company.

Would you join the movement?

Stand and be counted, even anonymously!
* Join our secure Discord server to hang out and share opinions and feedback (See https://jpmcworkers.com/contact for instructions on how to request an invitation)
* Have face-to-face conversations with future members, and start a weekly lunch-meetup
* Track JPMC practices in relation to labor laws and violations
* Submit reports, complaints, tips, and other forms of official outreach (both within the firm and via government routes) in order to grease the wheels of bureaucracy
* Spread the word: Print and display or distribute as many of [these posters/business cards](jpmcWorkers.github.io/tree/main/docs/img/posters) as you feel comfortable with. 
* Give any amount of time, money, or effort to improve our conditions as JPMC employees

This will be the final communication sent via Coworker.org. We thank you kindly for your time in reading this, and hope to see you on the other side of action.

Sincerely,
The JPMC Workers' Alliance (JWA)

Commit message:

Feedback from Vlad
More gradual transition from Coworker to ActionNetwork. Do not mention Discord by name. Do not claim to already be a union, as it will imply that we are already partnered with an existing uion.

goodbye-Coworker.md, after:

To our lovely friends who signed the petition:

Wow, it's been almost two months since the launch of our public petition on Coworker.org. 
In the interim, many JPMC corporate sites have already imposed the 5-day in-office mandate. More will be starting in a few more weeks or months. Other large corporations have also jumped on the RTO bandwagon. Our clear refutation of their alleged reasons only goes to show that it was all disingeuous theater; It's no surprise that Jamie Dimon blatantly disregards the nearly 2000 signatures on this petition. 

However, our efforts have not been in vain.

The process to publish and promote this petition practiced us in the arts of networking, organizing, and collective action. Now we pivot to expand our budding collective into the beginnings of unionization, and grow its influence as we step boldly forth into the modern Labor Movement -- a global response to ever more concentrated weath amid a stagnant, repressive job market. Employees of Wells Fargo, Starbucks, and Amazon have achieved union recognition.
So can we!

Unionizing is neither fast nor easy, but it is absolutely worthwhile. We will all surely RTO, whether with JPMC or any of the other near-peers that have adopted similar mandates. But joining together in solidarity grows our leverage to prevent similar attacks on our quality-of-life in the future, and to make our workplace better for all employees. In the interim, it offers much-needed hope, community, comradery, and shared resources. We are currently adding members, tapping into new portions of the JPMC workforce, converging on shared experiences and roles/job functions, and growing strong bonds of trust among like-minded workers.
Would you like to know more?

Our [mailing list](https://actionnetwork.org/forms/jpmcworkers-signup) will keep you periodically appraised of progress we make, collective actions you can help with, useful knowledge, and relevant events in the company.

Would you join the movement?

Stand and be counted, even anonymously!
* Join our online community to hang out and share opinions and feedback (See https://jpmcworkers.com/contact for instructions on how to request an invitation)
* Have face-to-face conversations with future members, and start a weekly lunch-meetup
* Track JPMC practices in relation to labor laws and violations
* Submit reports, complaints, tips, and other forms of official outreach (both within the firm and via government routes) in order to grease the wheels of bureaucracy
* Spread the word: Print and display or distribute as many of [these posters/business cards](jpmcWorkers.github.io/tree/main/docs/img/posters) as you feel comfortable with. 
* Give any amount of time, money, or effort to improve our conditions as JPMC employees

Although this will not necessarily be the final communication sent via Coworker.org, we will be providing more in-depth communications via the mailing list and online community mentioned above, and therefore encourage you to exlore those as well. Please do not hesitate to ask more people to also sign the petition, as continual growth of the number of signers will lend credence and confidence to our cause. We thank you kindly for your time in reading this, and hope to see you on the other side of action.

Sincerely,
The JPMC Workers' Alliance (JWA)
