# Greetings and Salutations!

**It's time we introduced ourselves.**

We are the group behind [that petition you signed.](https://coworker.org/p/jpmcworkers)
It was the work of a great many of us ordinary employees, collaborating online and remotely, over zoom and text chat, from home.
We continue to work together -- for all of us! (And yes, we comply with the corporate code of conduct in the process.)

As a first step, we'd like to **thank you over 1,400 times over.** You've all taken a brave step into a larger world. You've overcome fear and embraced trust. And more importantly, you've made a difference.

Early on, there was news coverage such as this article by Fortune Magazine's Luisa Beltran:
    https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jpmorgan-chase-workers-launch-petition-200033108.html

Below the fold, you'll see this quote if you "click to read more":

* Fortune has independently verified that JPMorgan is not behind the petition site.

And that's exactly right. We are the JPMC Workers who have been all over the financial news recently.

Speaking of news, we have some of our own: From a certain point of view, **we've won a couple of small victories!**

**Let's be frank:** The real audience for the petition is the many workers of JPMC who have worked in a hybrid model and know that it works great for everyone.
It was never about changing Jamie Dimon's mind. By signing that petition, you made a declaration that you agree with our fundamental aim:
To improve working conditions and culture at this employer. RTO just provided a great way to open the conversation.

At Wednesday's town-hall at the Polaris complex in Ohio, one gentleman -- a self-described "hill-billy" -- asked a polite question mentioning RTO.
The CEO's response was nothing short of breathtaking: Ten full minutes of colorful invective during which he cursed workers, management, cell phones, zoom -- everything but sliced bread.
You can read a transcription on [this reddit post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/JPMorganChase/comments/1iosrzk/here_is_the_leaked_audio_in_text_from_the_town/)

*On Thursday, we met up with the glorious hero who asked that fateful question. Yes, he got yelled at, and yes, someone tried to fire him on the spot.*
*However, we had the recordings to prove retaliation, and we had the contacts to make such a thing go very badly for the employer.*
*Around the time the press started reporting on the CEO's behavior, our hero suddenly got clarification that he still had a job. What a coincidence!*
*You see, workers who organize themselves look out for each other, and they also look out for those who cannot help themselves.*

Later on in the town-hall, someone asked about a funding matter and our CEO spontaneously declared "I don't care how many people sign that f---ing petition!".

*In that instant, thousands of employees learned that we exist, and that we are trying to improve things around here.*

**Now it's time to expand, for there is both safety and strength in numbers.**

For the moment, let's continue to try to get as many JPMC employees as possible signed up to the petition.
Here it is again, short and sweet so it's easy to share in person: **coworker.org/p/jpmcWorkers**
We'll use that platform to send out periodic updates for as long as it makes sense.

Here are some tips:

* Ironically, the best way to share is in-person at the office.
* Spread the word verbally during breaks, lunch, or time away -- one-on-one or in small, trusted groups.
* Explain that signing the petition now has become a safe way to show of solidarity, and also a way to get updates. 
* Keep it off the corporate network! No corporate machines; No guest WIFI; No JPMC Marketplace on your cell.
* Keep up your normal work productivity! (Otherwise, we can get shut down.)
* It is unlawful for a member of management to be involved, or to influence or monitor this kind of effort.

============================================================

One more time, thank you for joining us.
Together, we can make a positive difference!
It will be a bumpy ride, but we intend to keep working to make things better around here.
We hope you'll join us and heed the call to action.

Watch this space.

