---
title: "JWA Special Edition Newsletter"
date: 2025-07-22
version: "1.0"
author: "JWA Team"
description: "Amazing Announcement: We're officially a non-profit! Also, Ice-Cream Social!"
tags:
  ["newsletter", "july", "organizing", "event", "recruiting"]
layout: ~/layouts/Markdown.astro
---

# As of July 10th, JPMC Workers Alliance is officially a Non-Profit Corporation in Ohio!

This grants us certain legal protections and is a major sign that we must be taken seriously.

It also allows us to create a bank account and set up a page to collect contributions. If your budget allows and you wish to help our efforts financially, look for that link in the August newsletter.

To celebrate this milestone and to increase awareness of our efforts, we are hosting a summer fun event at the Polaris complex in Columbus, Ohio next week!


## Ice Cream Social!

Join us at 12:30PM July 30th on the lawn outside McCoy Center B wing!

We will be passing out FREE ice cream sandwiches and watermelon to all comers, while supplies last.

There will also be splash balls and targets so you can tell us what you need most!

Bring all your colleagues!

The poster for this event is here for you to print, post, and pass around.

When hanging posters, please follow these guidelines:

* Use areas where other things are already hanging
* On surfaces with paint, use easy-lift adhesives, not anything that will puncture or remove paint
* Examples of good locations: cafeterias, break rooms, quiet rooms, seating areas, entrances, and hallways

If you follow all of the above and management removes the poster anyway, please report this to jpmcWorkers@gmail.com with a place, description of the incident, and contact information for collection into a potential Unfair Labor Practices charge.

We’ll see you there!


**P.S. Did you see the quarterly earnings report?**

Every time I see it, I do some math.

For Q2 2025, we made $15 billion in net income. That means AFTER paying all of our wages.

Shareholders get 20-25% of that money through dividend payments and whatnot. Some of us ARE shareholders, but this does not amount to much money per share.

But WE earned that money, you and I. It is our efforts that keep this company running and bringing in revenue.

Doesn’t it seem fair that we share in some of our earnings, too?

Just 25% of Q2 net income is $3.75 billion. If each of us received an equal share of that amount, assuming 300,000 employees…

That’s $12,500 per employee. For ONE quarter of work.

How much would a 5-figure quarterly bonus improve your life?

THIS is why we need a union.

Join us next week to learn more, or hop on
<a href="https://discord.gg/PR3ezg2Bvx" target="blank">our Discord server</a>
to get involved.


**REMEMBER**

The union is us. We are the union. <br/>**Change is coming. Be a part of it.**


Excitedly Yours,

The JPMC Workers Alliance

*Written with love by Reggie*
