---
title: "JWA Special Announcement - January 2025"
date: 2026-01-19
version: "1.0"
author: "JWA Team"
description: "Introducing and recruiting for our upcoming Valentine's Day Event. (We couldn't wait to share!)"
tags:
  ["newsletter", "january", "organizing", "event", "recruiting"]
layout: ~/layouts/Markdown.astro
---

# Greetings, Reader! Happy New Year!

We couldn't wait for our next scheduled newsletter to share this special announcement!


## Upcoming Valentine's Day Event

Unlike our previous events, this one is not at a specific time or location.

Instead, we will be assembling small goody bags containing candy and union themed Valentines, then placing them on fellow workers' desks. Where possible, we plan to focus on seating areas that contain known likely bargaining units. The ultimate goal is simply to increase awareness and involvement, building the snowball of our movement until we can all benefit from a labor contract!

If you have the resources, you can even do this yourself for your own workspace! You can find
<a href="https://jpmcworkers.com/vdaycards/" target="blank">
our collection of business card sized Valentines on our website
</a>
to print or order. Then, you can fill your own goody bags or even tape your cards to a single piece of candy to help spread our efforts!

If you’d like to join existing efforts to spread sweetness and enlightenment about labor rights into your work-center, find your local union member/activists (working right alongside a surprising number of you, I might add) and get looped into the plans. Right now the best way to get involved depends on where you work:

* If you see openly-union workers at your office, go say hello and introduce yourself. Some people wear JWA buttons or place signs out during lunch to make this easier.

* Join our <a href="https://discord.gg/BZA3pxppq9" target="blank">Discord server</a>! We can help you make trusted connections with others in your region of like mind, and you can decide who to share your identity with.

You’ll be part of the best thing to happen to finance since The New Deal!


## REMEMBER

The union is us. We are the union.

**Change is coming. Be a part of it.**

Excitedly Yours,

The JPMC Workers Alliance

*Written with love by Beth and Reggie
